<!-- Repository creation and management on github

Creation of new repository : 
1.	On top right corner, there’s an option of creating a new repository.
2.	Name the repository.
3.	Choose repository visibility whether private or public.
4.	Give some description of the repository.
5.	Initialize the repository with a README file.
A New Repository has been created.

In README file you can describe your project in detail, or add some documentation about the project. The contents of README file are shown on the front page of the Repository.
Setting up Repository Locally : 
1.	Cloning the repository : On the repository, copy the path of your repository from the green “Code” button and open terminal and paste it, it will look something like this : https://github.com/username/repositoryname.git
2.	Change directory : cd repository name
3.	Add file with some content : echo “hello world” > newfile name
git add newfile name
4.	Commit : git commit -m “Some message”
5.	Push : git push origin main

Management of repositories : 
1.	Forking : It allows for creating a copy of a repository under the GitHub account which can be modified without affecting the original.
2.	Cloning : When you create a repository on GitHub.com it exists as a remote repository. You can clone your repository to create a local copy on your computer.
3.	Creating repository from template
4.	Transferring a repository
5.	Deleting a repository

Utilizing pull requests for code reviews and collaboration.

Pull Requests facilitate code reviews and collaboration. It allows developers to make changes to the code, discuss the changes and make decisions in unison.
1.	After making the necessary changes in the code present in the feature branch push that branch.
2.	On the repository front page, click on 'Pull request' then 'New pull request' and then 'Create a pull request'.
3.	Provide a very detailed description of the branch you pulled a request to since your team members would find out easy to locate the changes made.
4.	Reviewers will review the code and comment accordingly.
5.	The project head will ‘merge pull request’. -->

